Bluetooth: Mesh: Add motion threshold to sensor server/client (#10943)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/mesh/sensor_server/README.rst

* :c:var:`bt_mesh_sensor_rel_runtime_in_a_dev_op_temp_range` - Periodically requested by the client.
* :c:var:`bt_mesh_sensor_presence_detected` - Published when a button is pressed on the server.
* :c:var:`bt_mesh_sensor_time_since_presence_detected` - Periodically requested by the client and published by the server according to its publishing period (see :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_sensor_server_conf_models`).

> * :c:var:`bt_mesh_sensor_motion_threshold` - Used as a setting for the :c:var:`bt_mesh_sensor_presence_detected` sensor type to set the time (0-10 sek) before the presence is detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :c:var:`bt_mesh_sensor_motion_threshold` - Used as a setting for the :c:var:`bt_mesh_sensor_presence_detected` sensor type to set the time (0-10 seconds) before the presence is detected.
```

   All buttons have the same functionality during the provisioning procedure.

Button 1:

>    Simulates presence detected (after the provisioning procedure is finished). Time before presence is detected is dependent of the motion threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Simulates presence detected (after the provisioning procedure is finished). The time before the presence is detected depends on the motion threshold.
```

>    Simulates presence detected (after the provisioning procedure is finished). The time before the presence is detected depends on the motion threshold.

Reviewer 2: Should we add that (as I understand) the button needs to be pressed the required time to send presence detection?
